document control tower migration path (#136)
aws-samples/aws-bootstrap-kit-examples: doc/control-tower.md

# Path to AWS Control Tower

> 

Reviewer: We should add a section to explain why we would go that way. I don't have a clear answer here but here might be few arguments: 
* Team size increasing with more segregated roles (Cloud admin, devs, ops ... etc.) hence need more than a git service to manage authN/authZ
* Compliancy (CT comes with a bunch of pre packaged guard rails to help reach compliancy with specific standards: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/mt/extend-aws-control-tower-governance-using-aws-config-conformance-packs/)
* Move from Infra as Code for account creation and go with  web interface with [CT Account factory](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/account-factory.html)
* Move from Infra as Code for Org structure and go with CT Web interface

Author: OK

> [AWS Control Tower](https://aws.amazon.com/controltower/) provides an easy way to setup a Landing Zone in AWS: it will create a multi-account structure with proper set of permissions (using [AWS SSO](https://aws.amazon.com/single-sign-on/)) and guardrails (using [Service Control Policies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_policies_scps.html) (SCPs) and [AWS Config](https://aws.amazon.com/config/)).

Reviewer: I would emphasis that the multi accounts structure is mainly oriented around Security. This is where this bootstrap kit is different from CT since it tends to take care of the Software development life cycle (SDLC) accounts structures and that's where it makes sense at some point to mix them.

Control Tower creates multiples AWS resources for you:

> - One Organization

Reviewer: Need link to official doc for each element. (check main README for examples)

Author: OK

- A directory in AWS SSO
- A set of SCPs
- ...
You can get more details on Control Tower [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/what-is-control-tower.html).

If you need to setup these resources in your AWS environment and get a managed AWS service to govern your AWS Organization and account structure, Control Tower is the recommended solution.

If you already bootstraped your landing zone using the bootstrap kit, this document will guide you through the "migration" to Control Tower.

At the end of this guide, you will have what bootstrap kit created: the Organization, OUs (Shared, SDLC, Prod), accounts (CICD, Dev, Staging, Prod, ...) plus what Control Tower will create (see above).

## Prerequisites

**Disclaimer**: This page is only needed when you already have used bootstrap kit to setup your environment. If you start from a blank page or an existing Organization not created by bootstrap kit, refer to the Control Tower documentation.

When you setup a landing zone with Control Tower, it performs some pre-check (see [doc](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/getting-started-with-control-tower.html)):

### CloudTrail integration

> One of them is about AWS CloudTrail. CloudTrail must not be enabled for your organization. Otherwise you will get the fllowing warning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of them is about AWS CloudTrail which is enabled by the Bootstrap Kit. CloudTrail must not be enabled for your organization. Otherwise you will get the following warning:
```

Author: OK

![You must unsubscribe your organization from AWS CloudTrail](migration-ct-error-cloudtrail.png)

In order to do so, you can use the console or the CLI:

- Using the console, in AWS Organizations > Services > CloudTrail, click on **Disable trusted access** button:

![Disable trusted access for CloudTrail](migration-ct-org-cloudtrail.png)

- Using the CLI, type the following command with the Administrator user on the management account:

```shell
$ aws organizations disable-aws-service-access --service-principal cloudtrail.amazonaws.com
```

> Note: The CloudTrail trail is not removed, and your CloudTrail logs are not deleted.

Reviewer: an option to do it by updating the repo SDLC repo ?

Author: Probably by adding a custom resource, just like it is done in bootstrap kit: https://github.com/awslabs/aws-bootstrap-kit/blob/main/source/aws-bootstrap-kit/lib/organization-trail.ts#L81 but not sure is the best way to do...

### Config integration

Another pre-requisite, which is not checked by Control Tower, but only recommended ([source](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/enroll-account.html#enrollment-prerequisites)):
> We recommend that the account should not have an AWS Config configuration recorder or delivery channel. These may be deleted through the AWS CLI before you can enroll an account. Otherwise, see Enroll accounts that have existing AWS Config resources (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/controltower/latest/userguide/existing-config-resources.html) for instructions on how you can modify your existing resources.

If you prefer not to delete these resources, skip these 2 steps and follow the documentation (you will have to create a ticket to support).

#### Configuration Recorder

To remove the Configuration recorder, you can use the following commands:

```shell
$ aws configservice describe-configuration-recorders
{
    "ConfigurationRecorders": [
        {
            "name": "BlueprintConfigRecorder",

>             "roleARN": "arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/Prod-orgStack-SecureRootUserConfigRecorderConfigRe-ZA31CP5DNHZ6",

Reviewer: We should mention that they need to replace `123456789012` by their account id.

Author: this is actually the result of the command, but I will describe it.
